Convert wiki and api-specs into documentation modules (#9779)
gfx-rs/wgpu: docs/managing-cargo-dependencies.md

Reviewer: I propose that the `docs/` directory should gain a `README.md` specifying that only developer documentation is there, and linking to the new user docs where they will live at <https://wgpu.rs/doc/wgpu/documentation/>.

## Adding or upgrading dependencies may cause dependency duplication downstream

Some crates in the Rust ecosystem are useful for both `wgpu` and its downstream consumers. Popular crates—like those in the `serde` ecosystem, for example—are often used in multiple places in a Rust crate's dependency tree. Normally, Cargo can unify dependencies behind a single SemVer-compatible version. When one or more, but not all, of these places consume a [SemVer-incompatible upgrade][semver-summary], Cargo uses both in the new dependency tree (see The Cargo Book's section titled [`Version-incompatibility hazards`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/resolver.html#version-incompatibility-hazards)). These are often referred to as "duplicate dependencies"[^1].

[semver-summary]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html#summary

[^1]: One can detect such duplicates with [`cargo tree --duplicates`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/commands/cargo-tree.html#option-cargo-tree---duplicates).

> There exist many Rust projects that, for some reason or another, are sensitive to duplicate dependencies. The most common reason for this is to eliminate the number of built dependencies, but there are other valid reasons for doing so, like projects that prefer to [vendor in their dependencies' source code](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/commands/cargo-vendor.html) and keep diffs easy to inspect. **When a dependency of `wgpu` releases a SemVer-incompatible change and `wgpu` consumes it (even if it's new _to `wgpu`_), it may cause conflicts for projects that avoid duplicate dependencies.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There exist many Rust projects that, for some reason or another, are sensitive to duplicate dependencies. The most common reason for this is to minimize the number of built dependencies, but there are other reasons for doing so, like projects that prefer to [vendor in their dependencies' source code](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/commands/cargo-vendor.html) and keep diffs easy to inspect. **When a dependency of `wgpu` releases a SemVer-incompatible change and `wgpu` consumes it (even if it's new _to `wgpu`_), it may cause conflicts for projects that avoid duplicate dependencies.**
```

> [!TIP]
> Downstreams like Firefox can and do work around Cargo's (well-motivated) refusal to unify SemVer-incompatible versions of crates, but this happens only on a case-by-case basis. In general, this requires source compatibility for the APIs actually consumed between both versions.

## Firefox needs to audit every dependency

> In addition to the above, Firefox has unusual sensitivities to updates because of required auditing via [`cargo-vet`](https://github.com/mozilla/cargo-vet). **Firefox contributors _cannot_ bring in a Rust dependency—including new versions of dependencies already in use—without an audit indicating that the dependency meets [`safe-to-deploy`](https://mozilla.github.io/cargo-vet/built-in-criteria.html#safe-to-deploy) criteria for _all_ of its feature combinations.** One can ask the following questions to determine whether an upgrade is feasible for Firefox; "yes" answers are significantly easier cases to deal with:

Reviewer: This link is already defined.

```suggestion
In addition to the above, Firefox has unusual sensitivities to updates because of required auditing via [`cargo-vet`](https://github.com/mozilla/cargo-vet). **Firefox contributors _cannot_ bring in a Rust dependency—including new versions of dependencies already in use—without an audit indicating that the dependency meets [`safe-to-deploy`] criteria for _all_ of its feature combinations.** One can ask the following questions to determine whether an upgrade is feasible for Firefox; "yes" answers are significantly easier cases to deal with:
```
